Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright, everyone welcome. This is the September term Gmp. Showcase. My name is Brittany. I am part of our global business operations team here at Techsars. We are on the Hq side, and we help put on this showcase for you, the founders. So a little bit of context with for what this showcase is is it's just an opportunity for you guys to start getting to know some of our Gmps
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: here at techstars and what their offerings are and how they can help you and your company grow and provide resources.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: So you guys will be seeing some of these guys like throughout your program. This is really just a good way for you to kind of get a feel for what the offerings are, who they are, and how this is going to work is the beginning of the meeting. Each Gmp is going to give you a little bit of a presentation. Who they are what they offer techstars, founders, how they can help you.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: And then we're going to run through that and the latter half of the meeting. We are going to open breakout rooms, and so each of our gnps will be in their own breakout room, and then you will be able to navigate
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: to each breakout room. If you want to talk to aws, if you want to talk to Hsbc, so again, this is just a really good way for you guys to start getting a feel for our Gmps here and that partnership that we offer.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: So let me just
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: make sure everyone's in here. We are recording beautiful. All right. So I am going to go ahead and kick this off. Let's have Grant Evans from stripe.
Grant Evans | Stripe: Thank you so much, Brittany, and and thank you all so much to to the founders for taking some time to to listen to a couple of gnps. Blab about all the fabulous things they can do. Really appreciate your time. Again. My my name is Grant. I'm going to share a couple of slides. Just so you don't stare at my face the entire time, so I'll go ahead and share that very quickly.
Grant Evans | Stripe: Amazing! So 1st of all, congratulations to all of you for getting into tech stars. I can imagine most of you very excited, a little nervous, little apprehensive. Very quick overview about stripe again, can happy to talk about more questions or more specific use cases in the breakout rooms. But we take the financial infrastructure piece of it out of the equation. Right? One less thing for you guys to worry about. So again, the kind of tagline to remember is build and get paid
Grant Evans | Stripe: with stripe. Very, very quick. Bio for myself again. My my job here at stripe is a startup partner. Lead. So I lead relationships with some of the very best accelerators and venture capital firms like techstars in the country. My background. I was a early stage startup operator at a company that I helped raise 30 million dollars for get to 4 million arr before that I was an investment. Banker Goldman Sachs, for 5 years, got a little bit tired of sleeping under my desk so switched into tech
Grant Evans | Stripe: instead a lot of spreadsheets, as you can probably guess.
Grant Evans | Stripe: A very quick overview. There's a lot of stuff on this slide, but wanted to kind of focus on the 1st 2 columns. Right? So again, stripe offers financial infrastructure for the Internet and a lot of services around that right? So all the way from validating idea, incorporating your company, using our Atlas products all the way up to embedding financial services like capital, you know, embedding loans embedding bank accounts embedding, you know, card issuance.
Grant Evans | Stripe: Happy to chat. Kind of about everything between. I I generally tend to think that most folks who are joining tech stars are kind of in that that start business vertical. Here again, happy to chat through any use case you might be contemplating. We can support businesses from the earliest age startup all the way up to the largest enterprises, and of course
Grant Evans | Stripe: many startups like Slack, like Lyft, like Doordash started with this, startups, went on to become the businesses they are today.
Grant Evans | Stripe: We're here to help that. That's really like the message I want everyone to take away is that if there are stripe questions amazing. If there's something that you think that I have expertise or that someone at stripe has expertise, and you want to get in touch with us. Please do couple of ways to do that right office hours. I'll make sure everyone gets this link after the call. I'll make sure that the tech source team is able to distribute that to anyone who is interested. We also do lots of workshops exactly like this where we tackle specific problems that tech source founders also face. And then, of course.
Grant Evans | Stripe: there are great, for there are great perks you guys get. And if you are using stripe and not using these perks, you're leaving money on the table. So please do get in touch with me. My email is right there. I'll also make sure that there are ways for you guys to get in touch with me by office hours as well.
Grant Evans | Stripe: Time as a founder is super super valuable right? If for some of you who are maybe building a newer solutions, or in the crypto space, or in the Fintech space we just help you save time. Right? Like that's that. That's kind of the value out of getting in touch with me. Getting in touch with my team is we have a dedicated team, solutions, architects, folks who can help you with your integration, folks who can help you through the right products to use. You have myself who kind of sits across the organization can help unlock various pieces of stripe.
Grant Evans | Stripe: Just reach out ping me if you have any questions. Again, a non exhaustive list of things. For when to reach out to stripe again, I always love seeing the cool new feature or hearing like where you guys are building again. So many of you guys that have been admitted. Tech stars have amazing companies. Amazing ideas. But again, I I won't read all the examples off the slide here. But if you're contemplating a marketplace, a platform, you want financial services. You want to just take payments as fast as possible.
Grant Evans | Stripe: We can help with that. So please reach out anytime. I'll skip right back to my email right here, just in case you want to get in touch and thanks again for your time. Congrats on on getting in.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright! Amazing! Thank you so much. Alright. Next up Kavana aws.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: Cool. Thank you very much. Give me just one moment. We'll get my
Kobina Ansah | AWS: screen up
Kobina Ansah | AWS: hopefully. You can see it at this point.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: Great? Well, good afternoon.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: My name is Colvin. It's a pleasure to speak with you all today. I'm a 2 time former Fintech founder and a techstars alum myself. So it's awesome to be amongst techstars, family. And again, congratulations on being selected out of thousands of applications to be one of the few to get to go through the Tech Stars program.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: I'm a part of the Aws startup team, which is a team comprised of former founders and investors, and our whole mission is to help you establish and quickly scale your business as quickly as possible.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: Today I'm just gonna quickly go through kind of what is aws at a high level and also highlight a few of the resources that are available to you as founders.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: So to start Aws terms on web services is an on demand cloud provider that serves some of the world's largest startups, including Airbnb slack, Lyft, and hopefully yours in the near future.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: What we're mostly known for is our cloud services, which include
Kobina Ansah | AWS: service elements such as storage compute databases networking content, delivery networks, and more recently, an array of generative AI. Large language models through our service called bedrock. Amongst other services
Kobina Ansah | AWS: at Aws. You know, there's a lot of items listed on this page here. Please don't try to read them all. But what we're trying to illustrate here is that aws, we have well over 300 services and growing that are available to help support your unique business, use case, and as it may be overwhelming even for an aws
Kobina Ansah | AWS: employee ourselves to figure out which of these 100 are best suited for you as a Tech Stars company. You have the ability to get access to our solution. Architects who can work with you to figure out which one of these items or coupling of these items would be best suited to help support your future development plan.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: I mean, with that said
Kobina Ansah | AWS: as a Techstars Company, you get access to an array of services through us.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: Including, but not limited to, things like access of the lifetime of a company up to $100,000 of
Kobina Ansah | AWS: aws credits. And this program has actually changed in the last year to help companies have a better chance of actually accessing and utilizing all the credits made available to them. And so how that starts is, it provides tech stars companies with access to 25 k of credits that are good for up to 2 years, and then, based on other hurdles, unlocks additional credits there on
Kobina Ansah | AWS: in addition to that, we have the one on one technical office hours that we can set up with you in a technical
Kobina Ansah | AWS: solutions. Architect?
Kobina Ansah | AWS: You have unlimited tech support through us. So you can reach out to us or our assistant architects to speak about challenges that you have as you go through and after the program. And then we also have programming like our CTO fellowship, which is a program that comprises thousands of Ctos around the world.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: Where they have kind of these coffee chat types, scenarios where Ceos from established companies are, or sorry Ctos are able to kind of
Kobina Ansah | AWS: provide their expertise and give insights as to how they were able to kind of start their business from 0 to one. So that's a few of the things that are available to you. But most important today, what I like to leave you with is, we're excited for you, and we want to let you know that we're here to support you. And so, if you have any questions about any of the services that were listed, or just want to get in touch, you can reach us at techstars@amazon.com.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: and we look forward to supporting you on your journey. And hopefully I get to meet some of you in the breakout room today.
Kobina Ansah | AWS: Thanks so much.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright amazing! Thank you. All right, let's do a read. And Jimmy from Brex next.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): Amazing. Thank you, Brittany. Great to meet all of you awesome founders also love all the other partners that are here today, I would say, when you think about your startup stack as a founding team. Most all of us that are on this call today are kind of a a part of that that team. So
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): few things that I will share my screen on right now.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): Awesome.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): So
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): Brex plus tech stars a little bit about me. I am the head of startups at Brex. I've been here for 6 years, so ever since we launched the company officially. I've seen us go from a few $1,000 of revenue to hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue. So happy to help talk about. How you're going to scale your company as as you get everything off the ground, and we'll do as as many master classes as you want
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): but a little bit about Brex. So we are built by founders for founders. Ultimately, both of our founders, Pedro and Enrique founded their 1st companies back in 2,012 together.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): built a pretty successful company. They were called the Stripe of Brazil. I was a company called Pagarming. After selling that business they came to the Us. And went to Stanford, ultimately dropped out in that 1st semester and decided to start their 1st company.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): The 1st company that they founded it.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): Got accepted into yc, but they didn't know anything about that specific industry. It was a VR. Company, and as they applied for corporate credit cards they actually got declined for all of the cards they applied for. They didn't have an established credit history in the Us. They didn't have access to credit in other ways. They didn't have collateral ultimately that they wanted to provide. So they actually pivoted and founded what was the 1st corporate credit card for startups, which is Brex, as we know it today.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): From there we've continued to launch additional products and features
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): and and truly scale the company to where we're at today. So I just checked all of this. Currently, 35% of all venture back companies are using Brex. So we have a pretty sizable market share and then that is on both banking and credit cards. So if you actually look at oh, slice not on here. If you actually look at
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): all of the products that Brex offers just wanted to quickly go through those. The 1st one is banking which offers a checking account a Treasury account as well as a vault account. So you can get up to 4.9% yield on any of the funds held in Brex. So as a tech stars founder as you're getting those $120,000 in, you can actually have that stored in. Brex. Put some funds in checking store everything else in treasury, and actually get some money back in your pocket.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): On top of that you get free wires free. Ach! Payments and free checks. You then move on to the credit card solution. We issue credit with no personal guarantees and no collateral. So you're gonna be able to start spending right off the bat and add team members not only here locally but globally. Right. Brex is a a global 1st mobile 1st company.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): and then when it comes to spend management as a young startup, you might not have a lot of those needs quite yet.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): But Brex now supports 150 plus I companies that have ipo'd, and so, whether you are a 1 or 2 person founding team, or a public company, Brex will scale and grow with you and manage all of your spend management. That includes Bill pay
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): that includes reimbursements
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): that includes travel.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): So all of those core features are part of Brex's free solution
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): so very good product to sign up. For if you're interested, and then once again.
Jimmy Stephens (brex.com/techstars2024): this is my email, jimmy@brex.com, you can also reach out to techstars@brex.com. If you want to get a hold of anyone on our team.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright! Amazing! Thank you so much. Alright, let's do deal. Kyle and Ahmed next.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: Going after Jimmy. Very hard act to follow. Alright! Let me share my screen.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: Alright! Thanks everyone great to meet you all again. Congratulations on getting into tech stars. My name is Kyle. I'm based in Austin, Texas. If you're in the Texas area, you know. Please hit me up. I'll kind of run through a few slides here, and then pass it to my friend Ahmed to kind of dive into a specific offering that we have. But deal at a high level is a global Hr platform. We do a lot of
Kyle Croyle | Deel: different things. At the earliest of stages, you know, hiring is important. It may not be your number one focus right now. You might be focused on product development
Kyle Croyle | Deel: go to market strategy product market fit fundraising all of that good stuff at some point. If it's not now, you will be growing your team. That could be through contractors or full time employees deal is here to help you both now and well into the future. So you can think of us as a you know, not just a payroll and Hr. Company but a compliance tool.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: an immigration service, and many more things.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: This is a very busy slide I'll let you guys read through that if you would like. Where we really see a lot of tech stars companies during program leverage deal. And our resources, even if you just want a kind of a mentorship touch point is, if you're looking to hire contractors globally, we support 150 plus countries where the market leader. If you're looking to pay yourself as a founder, your founding team.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: whether that's in the Us. Or abroad, we are a great partner in those efforts. If you're an international founder coming to the Us. For a program, you may. But you might be on what's called an esta. You might be looking to do an o. 1 or Hb. One at some point we acquired legal pad. A Texas or Seattle company about 2 and a half years ago. And they are one of the market leaders in that area. And so, while we have a
Kyle Croyle | Deel: wide variety and a robust product suite. That may be useful. Down the road we see we see a lot of tech service companies using us for those early contractor and employee hires, so making sure that they are hired compliantly and paid.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: Kind of a little bit of a
Kyle Croyle | Deel: representation of you know how we see companies growing. Their head count. So you know again, when you start out, you're likely gonna be on the contractor side of things. I won't dive into those reasons you may look into leveraging an employer of record or Eor service, which basically means, if you are looking to hire a full time employee in a country where you do not have an entity.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: Deal is the largest and highest rated in that space. We have entities in 125 plus countries. And then, as you grow, have successful business outcomes, fundraising outcomes. There's other ways that we can support.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: We've only been around for 5 and a half years. We're also Yc company. Like Brex. Our founders are very, very close with each other. We're one of the fastest growing Saas companies of all time. We work with
Kyle Croyle | Deel: 35,000 plus organizations, many tech stars, alumni and current cohort companies. And again, the used cases are vast. So I encourage you guys to not just with deal, but all of the Gnp. Sponsors set up some time to chat, see if they can help you, not necessarily from a product and service perspective. But we also have very deep networks of
Kyle Croyle | Deel: partners and customers and prospects that we're happy to. See if we can make intros into
Kyle Croyle | Deel: and overall. We want to make sure that
Kyle Croyle | Deel: the last thing you want to deal with is payroll headaches, hiring headaches.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: Let us be a resource there. We have a lot of great free data. And Intel,
Kyle Croyle | Deel: we're a group of ex founders like myself, investors, operators. We, we really want to see you guys be successful, so please do not hesit. Hesitate to reach out if you think we can help and again, the visa immigration side for international founders highly encourage you to start those conversations as soon as possible.
Kyle Croyle | Deel: goes without saying. We have access to a number of of discounts and perks, so please feel free to to reach out if interested. And with that being said, I'm going to pass it to my friend Ahmed.
Ahmed  | Deel: Yeah, thanks, Kyle. Everybody congrats again on getting into tech stars. Kyle said that anybody who needs a visa green card should start the conversation early. So great segue to me.
Ahmed  | Deel: A little bit of a backstory about us. If we can switch to the next slide. Yeah. So I. Although I now work for deal, I used to work for legal pad, which was also a tech Stars company.
Ahmed  | Deel: So the story goes. We I, our CEO and co-founder Todd
Ahmed  | Deel: 1st filed an o. 1 visa for Yc. Founder back in 2,015,
Ahmed  | Deel: started legal pad in 2,018 and went through techstars is Seattle Branch, with the mission of making it super quick and easy for founders to navigate
Ahmed  | Deel: the Us. Immigration process.
Ahmed  | Deel: We got a visa for Deal, CEO and co-founder Alex. In 2,019
Ahmed  | Deel: we hired folk overseas
Ahmed  | Deel: through Deal. They use legal pad to get visas for their team members, and there was just great
Ahmed  | Deel: partnership and collaboration there.
Ahmed  | Deel: And eventually Deal acquired us in 2,022. So now we can say that we were both the Tech Stars and Nyc. Company, which is kind of exciting.
Ahmed  | Deel: So I with deal immigration. What you can do is hire people in more than 44 countries around the world. If deal makes it easy for you to hire anyone anywhere. My team focuses on that anywhere, part of the equation.
Ahmed  | Deel: And we offer 2 models of support here.
Ahmed  | Deel: The 1st is standalone. So this is what's most common for techsource founders. Let's say that you are a non us
Ahmed  | Deel: national and you want to be in the Us. So that you can grow your company, because this is where your investors or your market is, or, you know, just easier to build in in. Sf,
Ahmed  | Deel: you can use your own entity to sponsor your visa directly.
Ahmed  | Deel: If you want to hire somebody in the Us. And you know you don't want to set up an entity here, or you're a us company, but you want to hire somebody overseas, or whatever.
Ahmed  | Deel: We can also sponsor your visa directly, as the as the employer of record, because deal legally hires people
Ahmed  | Deel: in 100 plus countries around the world. We can also sponsor visas in many of those countries again, right now, we're at around 44 plus but hope to be at a significant number by the end of the year.
Ahmed  | Deel: So most people when they're go when they're going through program, want to talk about us immigration, because again, they might be from overseas. And they're in the Us. Just to do the program. And they want to stay here stay here longer. Term
Ahmed  | Deel: we offer support with all types of us visas. I don't think there's a single Us. Work visa that we don't support.
Ahmed  | Deel: Some of these you can do standalone. Some of these you can do through deal. There's some overlap. But what I want to do real quick is just kind of walk, you guys through the o 1
Ahmed  | Deel: visa. It's the most common one that we do for founders. So if we move over to the next slide.
Ahmed  | Deel: What the o 1 is is. It's often called the startup visa. Almost every tech stars founder qualify. So just know if you got into techstars.
Ahmed  | Deel: You accepted the 120 K things are going okay. And during the program and you want to stay here, you you should be able to do so.
Ahmed  | Deel: under very few circumstances. Should you be distracted by any other types of visas. What's great about the o. 1 is that there's no minimum salary requirement, no lottery that you have to go through. There's no requirement that you remain in the Us.
Ahmed  | Deel: You can renew the visa every 3 years until the end of time, or use it as an upgrade to a green card. It's pretty sweet for founders. I'd love to walk you through the process. We've done more than 1,200 at this point, with approvals above 98%. Again, almost every tech stories founder qualifies we can skip this. I I don't want to take up too much time.
Ahmed  | Deel: So what I'm going to do here is just share my contact info. I know that we have the the breakouts later. I'm actually at the airport right now, so I don't know how long I'm going to be able to stay for
Ahmed  | Deel: but I'm going to drop my contact information in just a sec in the chat, and then, if anybody wants to schedule a call with me. I would love to be a resource.
Ahmed  | Deel: make it super quick and easy. Usually a 15 min call is is enough time to cover all your immigration.
Ahmed  | Deel: plans. Thanks everyone so much. Congrats again on getting to tech starts. Have fun.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright, and last, but certainly not least, Andrew from Hsbc.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: Hello! Welcome, everybody!
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: I'm going to share my screen.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: I could get maybe a thumbs up that this is working
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: Nice to be back nice to to see everybody. Virtually, I mean, I feel like it's such a joy to see all the other partners in the connection points deal like we should be talking international connections, Kavina. I think I met you when I was a mentor at Techstar. So a bit more on me. I've been a mentor at techstars for the past 5 years or so.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: And prior to that, I basically had a 360 degree view of the innovation ecosystem here in New York where I sit. So I was a operating team member and sales leader at 2 startups that went on to exit.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: precede through Series C. So I know that journey, and I'm always happy to chat on that.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: After that I was a Vc. Here in New York, and we certainly supported and talked to many techstars, founders, and post, that I actually led the Startup banking team at Svb. Here in New York, where we worked with many techstars founders.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: I'm now, obviously over at Hsbc as part of our innovation banking team. And I'll tell you a little bit about our story, and I think the theme you should take away is Wow, Big Bank. But this is where they can really become targeted and supported on the local level for me, and then I want to tell you about our practice and what we're offering for you all. And so when it comes to Hsbc,
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: 160 year Old Bank almost, and really started off serving entrepreneurs who wanted a bank for them right these were for tradesmen in Southeast Asia way back then, but has since continued to evolve with small businesses wherever they may be. And so today we are a 3 trillion dollar balance sheet bank, which makes us one of the 10 largest banks in the world. We have a presence in 60 plus countries
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: with 200,000 plus people, but when you bring that down to the micro level of what you're all thinking about, and that is, how do I survive the next 3 months? Right? Get this startup off the ground, get it funded.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: and and on to the next stage. We've
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: carved out and dedicated an innovation banking practice within this. And so I like to think of what we're doing as the best of both worlds. You have this storied and hugely supported bank, but on a local level we have a thousand plus people in our innovation banking team. Now across the world. We have one of the most connected venture coverage teams in the world. So I, I focus on that specifically, in New York, we work with 400 plus Vcs here and
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: the State specifically. And our job is to support their founders and introduce them to more founders. So that's a part of what we do. And we hope to be your banking partner, and eventually a capital partner as well for the entire existence of your business. So many folks will come to us day one. We will help them, of course, with the core banking account and getting off the ground. Everybody is matched with an Rm. And I'll go to this next slide also, or if you look on the left hand side. Here we start to outline this. Everybody gets a sector specific. Rm.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: you're not coming to this bank and ending up with people who are not working with tech founders day in and day out. Many of us happen to be X Vcs or founders ourselves. And so you have folks that are speaking the language. And in the beginning your needs are basic. But our hope is that there's never a need that we can't serve for your entire time with us, so we will work with you down the line on wealth management if you need it. We have an investment bank that helps to think through
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: the end of the journey as well. We also ourselves are massive consumers of tech. We spend about 10 billion dollars a year. And so we actually have a lot of buyers of tech internally, who will do round tables for our clients to learn more about how they can scale.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: What does this look like in practice for you today? Because maybe those aren't things that keep you up at night. You have a lot to think about.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: Everybody who comes on board gets that dedicated relationship manager. As I mentioned, everybody starts to get into the stream of our community as well. We had tech stars founders over the summer, sitting alongside our CEO at lunch, and investors with an event we did here in New York. We have many such events throughout the year. And the beginning of the journey is this, we set you up with a bank account. It's free. For the 1st 2 years
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: our onboarding time is actually a little quicker than what it says. There, it's closer to 2 days that we can get you onboarded. Again. You meet a dedicated relationship manager along the way. This package includes unlimited transactions, wires, and Ach!
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: Fraud mitigation as well. You know, we've seen fraud on the rise across some.
Chelsea Hamlet: How much did that cost you.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: Think someone might be commenting. If you're able to mute, we can answer questions. Certainly. In the breakout rooms competitive money market rates. We have a variety of different
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: rates for money market accounts to off balance sheet investments that'll get you into the 5 plus percent range depending on what you're putting your money into and that's us right. I think the theme to again take away from this is, think of this as one of the biggest banks in the world, right? That is really leaning in at the early stage, to be personal, to be quick to match you up with expertise that you deserve as a founder
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: and we're thrilled to to play a part. Small part in your journey. Excited to meet you all throughout the program. You can get in contact with us. By the way, in the bottom left at techstars@us.hsbc.com. We actually have a whole team that's dedicated to this. Many of them are new and shadowing me today because we're hiring quick.
Andrew Oddo | HSBC: doubled the team size in the last year, so we're excited to hopefully help you out, as you double and triple everything on your end. So thanks for having it.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: All right.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright, Andrew, I think you might still be perfect. Okay. Alright. So, founders. So the next part of
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: this showcase is, we are going to go ahead and open up the breakout rooms, so you will be able to chat one on one with each of the folks that we just heard from for those of you who have not done breakout rooms before. At the very bottom toolbar of your like zoom window. You're gonna see? 4 little squares. That is how you navigate in and out of the breakout rooms.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: There is no requirement that you stay and
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: navigate throughout the breakout rooms. If you have other things that you want to. Go work on. You by no means need to stay my colleagues and I will stay in this main room in case you need any help with anything or have any additional questions. But really this is just your time to go pop in and out, and
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: get to know some of our gmps again. If there is no need to stay on the meeting or in this main room. If you don't want to go into breakout rooms, or if you, you know, have other things that you need to work on. So. I am going to open up the breakout rooms here in one moment, Deanna, can you make sure that that little thingy is selected on your side as well.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: We've had some
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: funny breakout room glitches in the past. So there's this one setting that likes to
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: toggle off alright. So I'm gonna go open all the rooms, all of our Gmp. Folks will be automatically put into their respective rooms, and then you founders will be able to weave in and out of the rooms as you so desire. So let's get it going
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: alright. Looks like things are good.
Osazomon I: Where are the breakout rooms? I'm a little confused.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Yup, yeah, absolutely. So. In your zoom window at the very bottom toolbar, you're gonna see an icon with like essentially 4 little squares, 4 little white squares you might need to like elongate your toolbar.
Osazomon I: Yeah, I see it. Thank you. So.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Okay, yeah, of course.
HanhLinh Ho | Gateway (careergateway.io): Hey, Brittany? Is Hubspot going to be here today at all?
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Hubspot is not here today, but they are a Gnp
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: you can reach out to your program team and they can provide you with the correct contact information for them.
HanhLinh Ho | Gateway (careergateway.io): Okay. Thank you.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Yeah, sure thing.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright. And the for those folks that are still out in this main room, let us know if you're having any technical issues. And again, if
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: you don't want to go into the breakout rooms, you don't need to, and you can absolutely take your time back and leave the meeting.
Felix: Hey? This is Felix from Atrax. I'm gonna stay in the main room. Is that cool?
Felix: For now.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Yeah, yeah. So it's it's the main room is just gonna be Deanna Andrea and Matt, from Texas. Our side. We're just essentially hanging out. So there's really no need for you to be on this meeting anymore. It's really just we keep this room open in order for the breakout rooms to run, and that's really all the the purposes there's there's not no more content or anything being shared in this room.
Felix: Oh, perfect! And I can reach out to the the company, right for contact information and
Felix: and info right? I can reach out to the companies that presented.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Yes, yeah, absolutely. And then your your program team should be able to help you navigate again, who all of our Gmps are, as well as the specific contacts for each Gmp.
Felix: Perfect. Thank. Thank you so much. Yeah.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Course, have a good luck.
Felix: That's that. Thank you.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright, and again, folks that are still in this main room. If you do not want to go into a breakout room. There's no need to be in this main meeting anymore.
Pat: I think everybody's spamming Linkedin right now.
Brittany Wimmer | Global Business Operations: Alright, I'm gonna actually remove some of these note takers. I'm gonna stop recording.